# Big Project Brainstorm Meeting Notes

**Team:** 3 (Powell's Pride Tech)

**Type of Meeting:** Brainstorm

**Date/Time/Place:** 4/30 1-2pm, Zoom

## Attendance:

* Anh
* Nick
* Chaeyeon
* Chris
* Dylan
* Faith
* Henry
* Jiaen
* Michael
* Mico

## Agenda:

* Old business
  * Check in
  * Recap team leads video
  * Midterm
* New business
  * Reflecting on exploratory project
  * Contextualize new project
    * Set up Mira to start taking notes
    * Brainstorm? (homework)
  * Build todo list (for next meeting)

## Old business

### Check in

We did a check-in for how people are feeling for next week. I did not record people's responses.

Lots of people were stressed about midterms.

### CSE 110 Midterm

* Week 6
* To study: look at the slides; it is more conceptual stuff (like iron triangle, graph, etc.); there is also some technical knowledge from labs you should know

### Recap Team Leads:

* we did a great job on the exploratory project, according to Malcom
* Malcom will give us more specific feedback once he grades, and Henry/Faith will pass it on to us
* Big project:
  * most important part is to get the project done
  * Malcom will not be too strict about having 2 hour meeting, etc.
  * Malcom might not be strict about us doing things exactly as Professor Powell says
  * we need to do our work though

## New Business

### Reflection on Exploratory Project

* Good things:
  * project itself turned out well overall
  * we used the tools to complete work efficiently
  * we addressed some functionality issues/edge cases that other groups did not address
  * we got an idea of where everyone was at technically
  * helped us to get familiar with the process of using GitHub/tools
* Concerns/areas to improve:
  * some people felt they were not able to do as much as they hoped to do
  * need more designers
  * was a bit disorganized at the start, but got better (some of us felt lost at the start)
  * some people did not get to code as much as wanted to
  * **Idea for Improvement:** do waves of development (pick concrete features for first draft and give ourselves deadlines to create those features, iterate)
  * need to learn to stay organized on GitHub
  * need a clear distribution of work for different parts of the project - can't have everyone just doing what they want
  * AI we used for audio was not that good, but we need to explore AI more (Mico said he will explore generative audio AI more)
    * if it is not good, we can stick with royalty free sounds
  * should keep a record of what features should be added first, what features should be added second, etc. (can use Miro board)
    * can possibly have multiple GitHub labels for features that will be added now and later (or can use milestones)
    * milestones should maybe only be used for stuff we want to put into stone; labels can be used for people to post ideas for the team to review
  * some people wanted to add features to our project, but it was too close to the deadline so not everyone approved of it
    * we should maybe use milestones to denote phases of the project (and what features to put in each phase) - these would be for labels we are sure we want to add to the project
    * we can maybe make a label called "for the future" where we put features (as GitHub issues) we would like to consider for the next phase (which we can later review in a meeting and either reject or approve as a team and move to a milestone)
* **Our current plan for how to use Milestones/Lables:**
  * When people think of features, they can add them to GitHub issues, but should label them with a special label we will create (e.g. we can create a lable called "Ideas")
    * this label will denote features that need to be reviewed by the team
    * people should comment on whether or not they like these features
  * Once these features are approved by the rest of the team, we can remove the "Ideas" label and use milestones to denote when we want to add them to the final project 

### Contextualize New Project

What is expected of us:

* We need to do some sort of CRUD app
* We need to think about what can we do for a big project based on what we were able to accomplish with the 8-ball
  * will need TA approval to make sure we don't go overboard
* It doesn't seem like there are many theme restrictions, but there are technical restrictions (e.g. can only use HTML, CSS, JavaScript; can't use ChatGPT AI until later)


### Set up Miro to start taking notes

Miro Board: [https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/WUlXMVVtbGlBazJMQTZEMkF6ckRZb1QxVG8yU2FnUUZmRzJsS214MUE1eWVyVktORFBsRXV0dHhnTWxqMzByZXwzNDU4NzY0NTUzMDI0NzMzMTMxfDI=?share_link_id=182230232250](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/WUlXMVVtbGlBazJMQTZEMkF6ckRZb1QxVG8yU2FnUUZmRzJsS214MUE1eWVyVktORFBsRXV0dHhnTWxqMzByZXwzNDU4NzY0NTUzMDI0NzMzMTMxfDI=?share_link_id=182230232250)

Ideas:

* an app where you have to dodge skateboards (like the dino app in Google Chrome)
* Sk8-ball: if you don't like your fortune, you can roll a skate board at the fortune teller and possibly influence it

**Actions:**

* **Due Monday Night (May 1):** Put ideas on the Miro board (try to have at least one idea on the board)
  * feel free to add details onto an existing idea if you like as well
  * Also, react with thumbs up to an idea you like to vote for that idea
* **Mico (due today April 30):** Create directories speicified in the brainstorming directories (ADR, brainstorming, interface design documents,etc.)
* **Tonight (April 30):** Edit the When2Meet if your availability has changed

**Upcoming:**

* We will meet for like an hour after Monday to decide on an idea and then we will flesh out our pitch